c:\users\mykhailovai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ObjectsSample\ObjectsSample\bin\Debug\ObjectsSample.exe.config
c:\users\mykhailovai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ObjectsSample\ObjectsSample\obj\Debug\ObjectsSample.Form1.resources
c:\users\mykhailovai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ObjectsSample\ObjectsSample\obj\Debug\ObjectsSample.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mykhailovai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ObjectsSample\ObjectsSample\obj\Debug\ObjectsSample.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mykhailovai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ObjectsSample\ObjectsSample\bin\Debug\ObjectsSample.exe
c:\users\mykhailovai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ObjectsSample\ObjectsSample\bin\Debug\ObjectsSample.pdb
c:\users\mykhailovai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ObjectsSample\ObjectsSample\bin\Debug\InterSystems.Data.CacheClient.dll
c:\users\mykhailovai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ObjectsSample\ObjectsSample\bin\Debug\InterSystems.Data.CacheClient.xml
c:\users\mykhailovai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ObjectsSample\ObjectsSample\obj\Debug\ObjectsSample.exe
c:\users\mykhailovai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ObjectsSample\ObjectsSample\obj\Debug\ObjectsSample.pdb
c:\users\mykhailovai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ObjectsSample\ObjectsSample\obj\Debug\ObjectsSample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\КПИ\Dropbox\Асистент\Постреляционные БД\Учебное пособие\ObjectsSample\ObjectsSample\bin\Debug\ObjectsSample.exe.config
E:\КПИ\Dropbox\Асистент\Постреляционные БД\Учебное пособие\ObjectsSample\ObjectsSample\obj\Debug\ObjectsSample.exe
E:\КПИ\Dropbox\Асистент\Постреляционные БД\Учебное пособие\ObjectsSample\ObjectsSample\obj\Debug\ObjectsSample.pdb
E:\КПИ\Dropbox\Асистент\Постреляционные БД\Учебное пособие\ObjectsSample\ObjectsSample\bin\Debug\ObjectsSample.exe
E:\КПИ\Dropbox\Асистент\Постреляционные БД\Учебное пособие\ObjectsSample\ObjectsSample\bin\Debug\ObjectsSample.pdb
E:\КПИ\Dropbox\Асистент\Постреляционные БД\Учебное пособие\ObjectsSample\ObjectsSample\bin\Debug\InterSystems.Data.CacheClient.xml
E:\КПИ\Dropbox\Асистент\Постреляционные БД\Учебное пособие\ObjectsSample\ObjectsSample\obj\Debug\ObjectsSample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\КПИ\Dropbox\Асистент\Постреляционные БД\Учебное пособие\ObjectsSample\ObjectsSample\obj\Debug\ObjectsSample.Form1.resources
E:\КПИ\Dropbox\Асистент\Постреляционные БД\Учебное пособие\ObjectsSample\ObjectsSample\obj\Debug\ObjectsSample.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\КПИ\Dropbox\Асистент\Постреляционные БД\Учебное пособие\ObjectsSample\ObjectsSample\obj\Debug\ObjectsSample.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
